# Playing games with outthentic dsl

[Outthentic](https://github.com/melezhik/outthentic-dsl) - is language to parse unstructured text. 
It was grown as supporter for web application test tool named [swat](https://github.com/melezhik/swat).
Web application is where text often comes in unstructured and unordered way, even though there is json and
xml, there are a lot of applications when it is not the case.


Then a generic test tool named [outthentic](https://github.com/melezhik/outthentic) was created
as solution for any text parsing/testing tasks. This tool is based on outthentic dsl as well.

Creation a new consumers of outthentic language is way too easy, with [API](https://github.com/melezhik/outthentic-dsl#parser-api) exposed and explained at
outthentic documentation.

What I try to do in this short post is to highlight some randomly picked features to let readers to have a sense what is
outthentic way to analyze and verify text output, which of course could be used wide in daily testing tasks.

If when read this post you feel like to know more - an official outthentic documentation is [here](https://github.com/melezhik/outthentic-dsl)
and ( less formal ) - [here](https://github.com/melezhik/outthentic-dsl/blob/master/intro.md)


# Parsing text blocks 

Sometimes you are given with output of text blocks. A classic thing are tables.

Imagine a table with two columns of ABC letters and a position numbers:

    Letter  Number
    A       1
    B       2
    C       3
    ...
    Z       26
    End of table

Let's write up a dsl code to verify that:

* we have table 26 rows with 2 cell in each one
* a first cell of every row is ABC letter and second one is a number.

First let's verify a basic structure:


    between: Letter\s+Number End\s+of\s+table
        regexp: ([A-Z]+)\s+(\d+)
    end:

Having this we asked outthentic dsl parser to check that we have Letters and numbers _inside_ range bounded by 
table header and table footer. Quite easy so far.


Then let's count a table rows.

To do this we need to add some imperative constructions to this quite declarative code:



    between: Letter\s+Number End\s+of\s+table
        regexp: ([A-Z]+)\s+(\d+)
        code: our $total_rows++ for @{match_lines()};
        validator: [  our $total_rows == 26, 'valid rows number ']
    end:

Comments here:

* `code:` expressions 

Define perl code being executed during parsing process

* `match_lines()` function 

Returns array of successfully matched lines 

* `validator:` expressions 

Define perl code being executed and then $r - return value is passed as arguments to Test::More ok($r->[0],$r->[1]) function

## Fine control with captures and generators

Captures function let you gain more fine control over data being checked. It returns 
all chunks get captured over latest regular expression check.


    between: Letter\s+Number End\s+of\s+table
        regexp: ([A-Z]+)\s+(\d+)
        code:
        for my $c (@{captures()}){
            print $c->[0],'/',$c->[1], "\n";
        }
    end:


The code above will print:


    A/1
    B/2
    C/3
    ...












